(Yusei)
Now let's get up to speed
with Yu-Gi-Oh 5D's!
Someone is meddling.
And I think
I know who.
This Ghost Army
just won't let up...
Yusei!
He's outnumbered,
he can't win.
Come on, think.
There's gotta be something
you can do to save him.
(Zone)
You have one purpose.
My directive
is clear.
I must keep
Yusei safe.
♪
I'm coming,
Yusei!
(Ghost)
You're going down!
Ally Salvo, attack!
Attack!
(Vizor)
Yusei!
Don't worry.
I've got your back!
(Yusei)
Vizor?
Blast away!
♪
You've interfered with my
plans and my schemes.
But now you face
my Meklord Emperors!
Does that mean that
you're the one who's behind
this Ghost army invasion?
And what if I am?
Why are you doing this?
There's no way the tiny and
feeble human mind could wrap
itself around the grand ideas
governing the Pure Nobles.
(Vizor)
Yusei.
It's now or never.
Your only escape is to
achieve Accel Synchro!
I don't know how!
You have to forget about
everything else and focus
on the world within you.
Just listen
to the wind.
♪
Everything
is fading away...
All my fears,
all my worries...
It's all just stardust.
♪
(Zone)
You hold the path
to a clear mind.
A card that will
allow you to Accel Synchro.
♪
Let's finish
what we started.
♪
Okay, this is
a first.
♪
Yusei Fudo, you won't
escape this time.
So let's duel!
♪
♪ Going fast makes
me feel alive ♪
♪ My heart beats
in hyper drive ♪
♪ Do you think you
can win only if I lose ♪
♪ Just let destiny
choose ♪
♪ I can hear
you breathing ♪
♪ I can see
you coming ♪
♪ I can feel the wind
that's blowing me around ♪
♪ Take a shot at me running
side by side ♪
♪ It's a blur
as I go by ♪
♪ I can hear
you breathing ♪
♪ I can see you coming ♪
♪ I can feel the wind
that's blowing me around ♪
♪ See the sun a-risin' ♪
♪ Fire in the sky ♪
♪ Greatness thrusts
itself into our lives ♪ ♪
♪
He somehow combined
with his Duel Runner.
Yes, Yusei...
And that's not the
limit of my powers!
♪
Sorry, buddy, but there's
no way I'm just gonna stand by
while you destroy
this city!
Come now...
Interfering with my will
would be like interfering...
With the will
of Iliaster.
Iliaster?
What are you saying?
That you and those goon pals of
yours are the ones responsible
for how Goodwin and the Dark
Signers tried to end the world?
Oh, Yusei, you were entrusted
with a stone tablet...
And you just
figured that out?
Stone tablet?
Ha ha ha!
I thought fate chose you
because you were special.
I suppose I was
incorrect.
Good, now I can
crush you without reserve!
I may not understand the full
scope of what's going on ...
But I know
it ends here!
The only thing that ends
here, Yusei, is you.
My Meklord Emperor
will see to that.
As much as I hate to admit
it, with the power
to absorb my
Synchro Monsters,
this guy may be right
about that...
♪
But there's another power
at play here, too.
The power of speed...
And if I can
harness that power,
I may just
stand a chance!
Yusei!
You take him, I'll
take these Ghosts!
Sounds like a plan!
♪
It's my...
Move!
First I'll send the
Quillbolt Hedgehog in my hand
to the graveyard...
So that I can summon
Quickdraw Synchron directly
out onto the field!
♪
And now since a Tuner's
already in play,
the Quillbolt Hedgehog
I banished returns to the field!
♪
Next... I summon
out Needle Soldier!
♪
And now, I tune level 5
Quickdraw Synchron...
with Level 1 Needle Soldier
and Level 2 Quillbolt Hedgehog
to Synchro Summon
Junk Destroyer!
♪
Let's rev it up!
Ha ha ha ha!
You pest, don't you
realize your Synchros
are no match
against me?
A wasted move, Yusei,
and now you'll pay!
And pay most dearly!
♪
So sorry, pal, but your
turn will have to wait!
Because I'm activating Junk
Destroyer's special ability!
Since I successfully
Synchro Summoned,
I can now inflict some
serious damage to your game
by destroying two cards
on your side of the field!
So...
The cards that
I'm taking out...
are that facedown and Meklord
Emperor's body Wisel Infinity!
♪
That Meklord Emperor
may have the ability
to snatch my
Synchro Monsters.
But if I can
act quickly
and somehow destroy him
before the next round,
he won't be around
to use that ability!
Now I play
the trap Divergence!
With this, if a Machine-type
monster on my field is attacked,
I can divert that
attack to another one
of my Machine-Type monsters!
And the monster I'm
choosing is Wisel Carrier!
-No!
-Yes!
And due to Wisel Carrier's
ability, he's not destroyed!
♪
Not only can I snatch
your Synchros,
but I can
outwit them, as well!
Yeah, maybe so, but you won't
be able to outpower them!
Just watch!
Junk Destroyer, attack
Wisel Infinity head on!
Go Fists of Ferocity!
♪
Imbecile!
I'll just use that same
ability from before...
And divert your assault
to Wisel Guard.
He can withstand
your attack!
Actually, he can't,
since Needle Soldier was used
as Synchro Material
for Junk Destroyer,
his attack has
an extra-sharp sting!
How dare you!
♪
I now end my turn
with two facedowns!
♪
(Lester)
What an outrage! Why?!
Somebody tell me why Yusei Fudo
has received a stone tablet!
We are the chosen ones!
Not Yusei!
He can't handle the power
these tablets possess!
It's bad enough he even
knows this power exists!
(Jakob)
Cease your mindless
droning and observe!
The outcome of this
duel will determine
if we need to
be concerned.
Yusei...
That was
a lucky move!
♪
But I'm afraid for you that
fate doesn't favor the lucky...
No, it favors
the bold!
And I'm nothing...
if not bold!
Observe!
♪
What was that?
Uh...
This isn't
just the weather.
♪
Uh-oh.
Trouble.
(Crowd)
My goodness.
What's happening?
Who shut
off the lights?
-I'm scared.
-Whoa, hey...
What gives?
You got me, Leo...
♪
I have a bad
feeling about this...
(Elsworth)
Can you hear me, Sherry?
Sherry!
You must
wake up!
Can you hear me?
♪
Thank goodness,
you're okay.
I'm fine...
♪
But it certainly
doesn't seem
like New
Domino City is.
♪
First this Ghost mess and now
the city has lost all power?
I have a hunch
something bigger's going on.
What do you mean you
can't make contact
with Bureau
headquarters?
I'm trying but something's
jamming the signal.
It won't let me--
♪
(Carly)
Whoa, this is
front page stuff!
But then, Armageddon
usually is.
♪
Oh, you've
gotta be kidding!
Even my camera
is kaput?
♪
(lightning crashing)
Where am I?
Oh, no, wait.
Of course.
I remember being on
my Duel Runner,
then the wheels locked up...
and I was thrown
into the air
and something
strange happened.
♪
I no longer feel my
power is with me.
♪
What's going on?
Dear me.
♪
It's my draw!
First I summon
forth...
Wisel Guard 3,
in defense mode!
♪
And now that he's whole again,
my Meklord Emperor Wisel will
use its special ability...
And absorb your
treasured Synchro Monster!
Go Synchro
Absorption!
♪
I play a trap...
Star Shift!
Now I can return one Synchro
Monster on my field to my deck
and summon another Synchro
that has the same Level!
What?
♪
Now take flight,
Stardust Dragon!
♪
Clever.
It seems our
two monsters
now have the exact
same attack points.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn!
However, Yusei, the peril
you're in is just starting.
Play whatever
monster you wish.
It makes no difference.
Face it.
There's nothing
you can do!
You're wrong.
There's one thing
that I can do,
and once it's done,
you're gonna be
done, as well!
♪
(Akiza)
Yusei, you're in the
middle of this, I can feel it.
♪
Now, now...
don't be scared.
♪
You're a duelist,
aren't you?
♪
I'm Haluna.
I just started out dueling,
but I'm pretty good!
You wanna
have a match?
Mm-hmm.
♪
It's my draw!
I summon Bicular
in defense mode!
♪
Next I play
the trap Emerging Awakening!
Now, by removing a monster
on my field from play,
you take damage equal
to that monster's Level
multiplied by 100!
♪
And the monster that
I'm removing from play...
Is Stardust Dragon!
♪
Now during the Standby
Phase of my next turn,
my mighty Stardust Dragon
returns to the field
and its attack points
increase by eight hundred!
I now end my turn with
a facedown card!
The stage is almost set
for an Accel Synchro.
Then everything changes...
♪
You insolent pest.
How dare
you pass me!
You'll pay!
Right now!
First, I activate
the trap known as
Explosive Blast!
Now, by destroying one
Machine-Type monster on my field
that hasn't battled, you'll be
taking 400 points of damage.
I destroy
Wisel Carrier!
What?
♪
I warned you
that you'd pay...
and there's more
to come!
Next I summon
Skiel Carrier 3!
Skiel Carrier?
♪
Not good.
Skiel's a
Meklord Emperor part
that Leo and Luna
battled against!
And had some
serious trouble with!
Skiel?
Hold on!
♪
I knew it.
That's my card.
Primo swiped it!
Now, I'll release Skiel
Carrier 3 so that I can summon
an even more powerful card!
Oh no!
Appear, Skiel
Carrier 5!
And give Meklord Emperor
even more heavy metal!
♪
(Yusei)
Skiel and Wisel?
That's two different Meklord
Emperor types combined.
I wonder if that means
they have twice the power?
I guess only time
will tell.
Okay, I'd say
that's a yes.
♪
Whoa, what
was that?
It's like the earth itself
is trying to shake us off!
♪
Now Meklord Emperor Wisel,
attack Bicular!
♪
And don't forget
Skiel's ability!
When it destroys
a monster in battle,
you take 300
points of damage!
♪
But don't you forget, that
since Bicular is destroyed,
I can now summon Unicycular
in defense mode!
♪
I now end
my turn
with a facedown.
♪
Do you feel the dark shadow of
doom closing in all around you,
Yusei?
It's a shadow cast
by my Meklord Emperor!
♪
Well then...
Let's
see...
If it can keep up!
Because due
to Emerging Awakening,
Stardust Dragon
is now back on the field
and stronger
than ever!
♪
All right, Yusei's
going for it!
Get set, 'cause the next
Synchro I summon
is gonna be accelerated!
What on earth are you
talking about, Yusei?
If anything's
accelerating,
it's simply
the rate of speed
at which you're racing towards
your complete and utter defeat!
I'm afraid not!
I summon Turbo
Synchron!
♪
Now Level 1 Turbo Synchron
and Unicycular, tune!
Behold...
As both power and speed
surge towards each other
and collide to create
pure might...
♪
I summon out...
The Synchro Tuner
Formula Synchron!
♪
(Duel Runner Computer)
Formula Synchron is a light
attribute machine-type monster
with 200 attack points
and 1500 defense points.
♪
Due to this
Synchron's ability,
I can draw an extra card
from my deck once per turn!
♪
(laughing maniacally)
Hey, it's okay.
Everything's going
to be all right.
My friends are out there and
they're going to protect us.
(thinking)
I hope.
♪
(Primo)
You fool.
Don't you realize
that the power
of the Synchro Summoning
you're trying to initiate
is far too great for a pest
like you to yield,
just as Zero Reverse was
too great for your father!
♪
No!
I'm afraid
this is different!
And because it is,
I'm now tuning
Formula Synchron
with Stardust Dragon!
♪
Let the spirit of all
Duel Monsters now spread
its wings and
soar to new heights,
where it can be transformed
by the winds of destiny!
Where it can become
all powerful!
I'm warning you
for the last time, Yusei,
cease this madness
or you'll destroy all
that you're seeking
to protect!
♪
Go Accel Synchro!
What?
Yusei's Accel Synchro...
It didn't work!
Ha ha ha ha!
Looks like I was
worrying for no reason!
Ha, what a bust!
(Yusei)
Why?
Why did Accel Synchro
fail me?
Don't blame yourself, Yusei.
Fate simply stepped in.
Clearly, the powers that
be realized something...
That you weren't
worthy of such might!
Now then, time
to finish this!
♪
No...
No!
Stop it!
I won't let
you do this.
I won't let you
destroy my city!
Stardust Dragon, attack!
♪
I don't think so, Yusei.
Due to Skiel Carrier
5's ability,
I can stop your
Dragon's blast!
No!
♪
I end my turn.
I draw!
I play Emperor
Wisel's ability!
An ability that allows me to
snatch one Synchro Monster
off your field
once per turn!
And the Synchro Monster I'm
snatching is Stardust Dragon!
♪
Aagh!
You took your shot, Yusei,
but it was struck down
by forces
from above,
and now you're the one who
will be struck down, Yusei--
Struck down by me!
♪